# 2021-01-06

Starting, a few rules:

1. Just write, format later, that's your weakness
1. Stick with one shitty plan until it's big enough to change
1. Here we go
1. Oh, do not be afraid!
1. Stop being afraid to be you

---

Epiphany: There is a moment when you understand a concept for a brief concept. Fuck, I lost it. That really is meta. But do you get a glimpse? The way we're just terrified of being in charge of this configuration of systems.

To the Florranis we were utter disgusting. I mean fetish level disgusting. To their perfectly balanced bio-mech genius 

_Genius. noun._ is one of Humans claim to fame to the always evolving yet absolutely absolute set of lingustic combinations that wove common understanding across ages while allowsing each generation and creation and destruction of infulences, that was Curl. Curl, for those curious, was exactly what those that are really freaked out that they think they actually know and still can't.

> Genius is a Curl word meaning "the root-level default(/scientific/polite) identifier (curl has identifiers of entities, these are... like chaos centers. they're both a tldr and a way to add extra weight by using a minimum number of their allowed tags) of a recognized group of sen-lel > 15 or higher, that were recognized in a consistant way across multiple exposures.... blah blah blah. Basically the correct phrase to say to someone, based on their public (you can see it on my...). When Humans were first inducted there was only a single genius to describe an old-school Earth Human. Old Earth's abiliyt to hug it out and say fuck it, yeah, we will stop being suck barnks, call us all Human. 

Hilsarious triva fact: The shear intensity of having discovered their first aliens, then been scared shitless they were about to die because of fucking customs making a global strike impossible, that they were basically there to just say high and drop off a few brocheres.

In fact most of the galaxy had a brochere, and every one of them is a fucking masterpiece. You're now part of an intergalactic community woven together by a set of ideals so defining as to be descriptive. In practice what happens is new cultures that initially thought of themselves as all having a common "Human" root they'd actually drifted quite a bit past the univerally agreed upon and constantly verified and checked models of what constituted the line between two distinct.... species, cultures, religions, ehhh. Once the geneteic slop is normalized and what concious-bio-bags liked to call "morales" (it was in fact a slow-path rewiring of certain systems based upon the latest data) turned into metrics there were DISTINCT signifiers that said it was a mirical Humans weren't all pretty fossils for adornments.

An extra day, plus a meet and greet with the most friendly, and sexually compatible, compatibility profiles mingled and mated, was required as a "pre-perk" of suggesting they split into a set of distinct genius, and that in fact none of the, ahhh, suggested, genius profiles aligned anywhere near what Humans hoped, feared or even had wildly imagined. Knowing all the usual growing pains the Humans were without any harm, and in perfect comfort, re-assigned into their new root genius, in the areas that resulted in the least amount of core profile indices. This meant the genius was modeled on certain, encrypeted, indicators shared at level somewhere at a spritical-parrallel with soma. Like, for some reason this profile actived a set of endpoints on a person and utterly made them feel connected.

Everything was explained, there were in fact graphs, graphs that would be watched many times in the future, especially on micro-tuned releases of chemicals inrto their system to gtive them EXACTLe the mood they wanted. This was how it happened. Humans were given an award for sticking togetyher under the fear of dying but made it clear that they'd soon chaste under the broad "Human" agreement, and, unfortantly, their old micro-org system of managing ideals just didn't map into Curl. Sterotyping had become a filing system. It had also merged with citiziationship, rights, and dues. Dues are taxes by the way, with more guilt.

So Earthlings or Humans became, even to their surprise, recatorgized into groups that utter ignored all personal fiction in favor of action/reactions based on key sets of stimuli, as defined by Curl. That's right, each culure was categorized not by whether one believed in Jesus or Mohammand, but whether you believed in either. For awhile the meet-cute story of the hillbilly preppers and Brooklyn small-batchers was hot on teh media circut. It hit all the high notes, the initial hate and fear, self-reflective violence. a lot of hot naked people doing dirty enough things so you could judge them 

(one popular KickStarter perk was a sex tape, filmed throughout, to be released if the project never went to release. There was a whole setup around paying to get notified when a new tape had been recorded. There was a spendy perk where you could be notified WHEN it was being recorded, and they'd never know if they were being timed or not. With a system in place to verify and quantify "satisfaction", a mix of heart-rate, attention retation, subsiquint sleep patterns, angry diary entries, etc. We have all done it, in fact it's a common club perk after being there for awhile. Getting that notification that whatever sexual siran was currently calling you was fucking NOW, right FUCKING NOW. It utterly shifted the online getting-off industry when it mixed with the love child of selling used panties in a vending machine, onlyfans and cam girls. Suddenly the world was like, "there is a massive, majority of us willing to pay like !.99 to know when someone we think is hot is fucking.  )

Ox, and a differentator of any more sylables than one. This is an odd hybrid expression in Curl. It means using "ox" as slang, with one, hard, sylablle, is absolutely safe. But... if you say a trigger phrase using more than one sylabble,

As our systems grew they held to the digitiatlly-mimced organic formulate for large-scale bio-cohesion. That being the lowest common denomicator, which because everythign becoming a widely-distrigued collection of API endpoints. Forms were no longer filled out, instead a query was made for a set of information, along with it's party-neurtral alerts. 

This meant information exchanges became a series of data read-access, coupled with block box, containized, load-balanced alerts. Some will try to call them failsafes, spying loopholes, manipulation, etc. They are simple specifications for access.

A bank that backed every single account with a `promise` that was `polled` (`higher frequency` = `higher risk` to bank but showed confidence since these promises were simple boolean contracts tied to sums of money.

In fact this whole concept destroyed both the gambling and financie industry, even though they were the top supporters. In their projection models they only modeled the current addicts they already knew. 

They didn't account for how much leverage they suddenly had by being able to shop around their information instead of them being bought from a hacker's warehouse. The use of currency as a reflection of promise instead of value was so subtly that it was only after 80 years! 80 Fucking Years! Until even the zoms started picking up on a few things.

Previously money was a balance of who needed what most. Until a strange Chinese (fuck you China, watch some of your own movies about how the best leaders (that means less killing, no raping, you know, houserules) that wise to unifiy a nation under a banner of all people truely in their hearts, at all levels, feeling pride)

Anyway, they basically banned all in-game transactions after an entire generation of micro-transaction additcted humanss almost destroyed their country by leaving sucha  large skill game. This led to a 60 year ban on all game transactions beyond initail purchaes and subsctiptions.

This in turn led an indie open-world, AI driven, fed with all fiction and fantasy they could find, and finding a way to categorize aspects of what htey loved about those fictional world. This again led teo them doing some fucked up shit where they built "Best Way Help A Person Be Their Happy, Without Guns".

Anyway, most common way to tap an end-point, anywhere? Curl. You know how you hear, "ping me..." from someone that doesn't even know the non-tech origin story? Same thing happened with curl. No shit.

The digital revolution turned into us becoming a set of end-points into our every moment, every reaction. Oddly as much as that sounds like a shit-ton of tubes plugged into your body Neo sotry 

---

